---
ID: 54
post_title: Granny wins World Wrestling Championship
author: uncommon
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://dev.allinspirationpro.com/2018/03/01/granny-wins-world-wrestling-championship/
published: true
post_date: 2018-03-01 16:27:51
---
Records were smashed in Nicaragua's World Wrestling Cham- pionship last night as 78-year-old Maud Johnson, grandmother of _ve, became the _rst woman for _fty-six years, and the oldest competitor ever, to claim the gold medal. She walked away with her million dollar share of the prize money, runner up Tommy Thompson from Nigeria taking half a million, and third place New Zealan- der John Smith receiving a warm handshake from the umpire. Having started the tournament a rank outsider she began to impress in her second match when she took US number three Ron Ronson by sur- prise and subdued him in twenty sec- onds with her unique move that has been dubbed "Maud's Death Grip". The injection of a new wrestling style into the tournament was welcomed by spectators and Johnson's pre- and post-match breakdances have proved entertaining to fans. However, she was still not expected to win in round three last Wednesday, facing o_ against title-holder Paulo "Spine- Snapper" Lutti, of Vatican City. Un- derdog Johnson was soon showing her worth with stamina and agility easily matching last year's winner. Lutti's experience paid o_ initially as he took the _rst two rounds, but as John- son became more con_dent her su- perior strength came to the fore and she clawed back two rounds to take the contest into a decider. By this time Lutti's body language indicated that he already felt overawed by the 01 MAR 2018 2 pretender to his crown, and the new- comer took advantage of this to en- gage a mutual headlock which she held for three hours until the Vat- ican man retired from exhaustion. The next seven matches were barely a contest as the news of Johnson's supremacy overawed all her oppo- nents who became too indimidated to _ght properly. Nigerian Tommy Thompson is also a relative newcomer to the wrestling scene, but with his 210lb frame he was expected to fare well against Johnson who weighs in at only 90lb. However Johnson's lithe and slender, some would say scrawny, _gure belies her agility and strength which she demonstrated by holding Thompson above her head several times during the bout and throwing him into the crowd once. With the scores tied at 2-2 time ran out and the contest went to a panel of judges to be assessed. They awarded Thompson a C grade whilst Johnson received an A, becoming the _rst grandmother to ever win the title. The new champion explained her success as the result of a strict train- ing regimen instituted by her coach and grandson _ve-year-old Sammy Johnson. "I've been drinking ten raw eggs for breakfast every morning, sprinting _fty miles a day and carry- ing my daughter's car to the end of the road and back whenever I felt my arthritis was OK" she said. Sammy added "I always knew she could do it. She's my grandma.". The young- ster is also her manager and has re- portedly arranged sponsorship deals which will dwarf her one million dol- lar prize fund. Her new contract with headband designer Nike alone is set to earn her fourteen billion dollars over the next year. She will also be promoting Tupperware, Halliburton, the Republic of Macedonia, and Gala Bingo. Her continued participation in the sport is not assured as she wants to spend more time on her bungee- jumping business, and knitting. Ev- eryone here at the World Champi- onships, however, hopes for her re- turn.